This repository provides a tool to generate a printable program for conferences hoisted on [conf.researchr.org](http://conf.researchr.org).

The scripts have been developed for [ECOOP 2016](http://2016.ecoop.org). They take as input the XML export for the ACM DL Mobile app generated by the conference website, and produce plain HTML pages for each conference day. CSS and JavaScript can be used for post-processing. We used the *Save as PDF feature* from Google Chrome to generate a vectorized version for print.

For example, to generate the schedule for the first day of a conference:

`python main.py schedule.xml 0 > first.html`

We provide the XML input, the CSS stylesheet and the jQuery code used for ECOOP 2016 as an example under the `ecoop16/` folder. We recommend having a look at the `Makefile` provided in the folder.

Some notes:
 * To generate an ACM DL Mobile app XML export, which contains details about sessions and talks, with admin privileges on the conference website go to Dashboard > General Data > Data Export. See `ecoop16/schedule.xml` for an example.
 * Our scripts can unlikely be used as-is for another conference, as they have been developed exploiting specific features of the 2016 edition of ECOOP. Nevertheless, they can generate a preliminary version of the schedule and should be amenable to refinements reather easily.
 * A schedule can be generated for a single day, but not for multiple (e.g., for the whole conference) days at once.
 * Most of the CSS formatting is carried out using jQuery. `schedule.css` provides preliminar formatting and should be updated as well to reflect the different event names in the rules (e.g., `.td-ecoop`).